2022-07-01 (#155)
rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org: _episodes/interviews/2022-07-01-chris-krycho.md

---
title: "New Rustacean with Chris Krycho"

> date: 2022-07-01T17:30:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-07-01T16:00:00Z
```

file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2022-07-01-chris-krycho.mp3
duration: "1:11:15"
length: "68413231"
#reddit: (leave blank on initial publish, amend with link and uncomment this line after Reddit thread has been posted)
---

> Allen Wyma talks with [Chris Krycho](https://v5.chriskrycho.com/index.html), former podcaster on [New Rustacean](https://newrustacean.com/). New Rustacean is a podcast about learning the Rust programming language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allen Wyma talks with [Chris Krycho](https://v5.chriskrycho.com/index.html), host of the now-ended [New Rustacean](https://newrustacean.com/) podcast about learning the Rust programming language.
```

## Contributing to Rustacean Station

Rustacean Station is a community project; get in touch with us if you'd like to suggest an idea for an episode or offer your services as a host or audio editor!

- Twitter: [@rustaceanfm](https://twitter.com/rustaceanfm)
- Discord: [Rustacean Station](https://discord.gg/cHc3Gyc)
- Github: [@rustacean-station](https://github.com/rustacean-station/)
- Email: [hello@rustacean-station.org](mailto:hello@rustacean-station.org)

## Timestamps 

> - [@1:08] -Chris' background and introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@1:08] - Chris' background and introduction
```

- [@4:33] - Chris' current career and projects
- [@12:17] - Rust and WebAssembly
- [@19:35] - Chris' podcasting plans

> - [@23:47] - Chris' podcasting preparation and  processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@23:47] - Chris' podcasting preparation and processes
```
